Well, sometimes we don't want to return anything from our function, so these functions may just want
to display something and not return anything.
How do we do that?
How to create a lambda expression that returns nothing?
First, let's start with a normal function and named function.
It's a fun show name.
OK.
And this one, I'm just going to pass a name and it's going to be string type and turn anything.
I'm just going to say print name like this.
We've seen this many times.
If I say show name and pass Paul, we should see Paul make sense.
Now, how do we transform this into a lambda?
Notice we are passing a parameter, right?
But we're not returning anything.
How do you do that?
Well, we're going to follow the same structure.
So when you say file name, of course we going to pass a string that is the parameter type.
And then since we're not returning anything, what we do is we still have to pass this arrow and then
we're going to say unit.
So unit in Scotland means void or nothing.
OK, so we're not going to return anything and then we're going to say equals and then put their order
lambda.
And then here we're just going to say our string here, I'm going to say name and band.
I'm just going to say print name like that.
That's it.
So now if I call this name like that pass in, Paul will see that the same thing will happen.
We see Paul change this to James.
Of course, you're going to see that the same thing will happen.
And again, you will.
You remember earlier we said, if we're passing just one parameter, we don't have to have this argument
here, right this now.
If we were passing one parameter, one type here, we don't have to pass in this parameter.
I s. we can get rid of all of that and we will have it right.
Exactly.
If you put in a new line, you can see that it is there and he knows exactly what type it is because
we have specified the types we're passing here.
Oh, nice.
So in this case, I'll just say it, and it's going to be the same thing.
We're just using the it variable that is created in our lambda.
All right.
And remember, because we're just printing something, I can't actually put that inside of a string
of some sort to say, hello, my name is like this so we can do all sorts of things that we've been
doing before.
Hello, my name is James.
If you change, of course, James, you know, see the different name.